README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
I am currently working as the MAC/iOS Lead<br>I am currently looking to collaborate in AI  and Python dev<br>I am currently learning Data Analytics and AI/ML


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/arunmalik66a17822/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:arun.malik7@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white) ![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![AmazonDynamoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20DynamoDB-4053D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=Amazon%20DynamoDB&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Fastlane](https://img.shields.io/badge/fastlane-%2382bd4e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastlane&logoColor=black) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![TravisCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/travis%20ci-%232B2F33.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=travis&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab%20CI-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![SonarQube](https://img.shields.io/badge/SonarQube-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=sonarqube&logoColor=4E9BCD) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white) ![Twilio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twilio-F22F46?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twilio&logoColor=white) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-%23008FBA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&logoColor=white) ![FFmpeg](https://shields.io/badge/FFmpeg-%23171717.svg?logo=ffmpeg&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=171717&logoColor=5cb85c) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=malikAr&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=malikAr&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=malikAr&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=malikAr&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and tech skills
Updated personal introduction and skills in README.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hi, I'm Arun Malik  

🚀 Senior iOS & Mobile Developer with 10+ years of experience building scalable, high-performance mobile applications using Swift and iOS frameworks. I have strong expertise in end-to-end mobile development, architecture, performance optimization, and delivering production-ready apps.

📊 Currently expanding my skill set into Data Analytics and AI/ML, with hands-on experience in SQL, Python, Tableau, and data-driven problem solving. I’m passionate about combining mobile engineering with data insights to build smarter, more impactful products.

💡 Interests: Mobile Architecture • Data Analytics • AI/ML • System Design  
📚 Always learning, building, and exploring future-ready technologies.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/arunmalik66a17822/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:arun.malik7@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white) ![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![AmazonDynamoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20DynamoDB-4053D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=Amazon%20DynamoDB&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Fastlane](https://img.shields.io/badge/fastlane-%2382bd4e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastlane&logoColor=black) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![TravisCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/travis%20ci-%232B2F33.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=travis&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab%20CI-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![SonarQube](https://img.shields.io/badge/SonarQube-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=sonarqube&logoColor=4E9BCD) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white) ![Twilio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twilio-F22F46?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twilio&logoColor=white) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) ![CMake](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMake-%23008FBA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cmake&logoColor=white) ![FFmpeg](https://shields.io/badge/FFmpeg-%23171717.svg?logo=ffmpeg&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=171717&logoColor=5cb85c) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=malikAr&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=malikAr&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=malikAr&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=malikAr&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
